Angel With A Shotgun (带枪的天使) - Nightcore
Im an angel with a shotgun shotgun shotgun
An angel with a shotgun shotgun shotgun
Get out your guns battles begun
Are you a saint or a sinner
If loves a fight than I shall die
With my heart on a trigger
They say before you start a war
You better know what you're fighting for
Well baby you are all that I adore
If love is what you need a soldier I will be
I'm an angel with a shotgun
Fighting til' the wars won
I don't care if heaven won't take me back
I'll throw away my faith babe just to keep you safe
Don't you know you're everything I have
And I wanna live not just survive tonight
Sometimes to win you've got to sin
Don't mean I'm not a believer
And major tom will sing along
Yeah they still say I'm a dreamer
They say before you start a war
You better know what you're fighting for
Well baby you are all that I adore
If love is what you need a soldier I will be
I'm an angel with a shotgun
Fighting til' the wars won
I don't care if heaven won't take me back
I'll throw away my faith babe just to keep you safe
Don't you know you're everything I have
And I wanna live not just survive tonight
Ooooohhhhhhhh ooooooohhhhh
I'm an angel with a shotgun shotgun
Whoa whoa oooh whoa
I'm an angel with a shotgun
Fighting til' the wars won
I don't care if heaven won't take me back
I'm an angel with a shotgun
Fighting til' the wars won
I don't care if heaven won't take me back
I'll throw away my faith babe just to keep you safe
Don't you know you're everything I have
And I want to live not just survive
And I'm gonna hide hide hide my wings tonight
They start a war
You better know what you're fighting for
Well baby you are all that I adore
If love is what you need a soldier I will be